Add the config changes to handle CHT communication with the mediator (#16)
medic/cht-interoperability: README.md

![](./docs/images/bad-client-screen.png) If everything is successful you should see this ![](./docs/images/good-client-screen.png)

## Loading CHT configuration
1. Go into the `cht-config` directory by running `cd cht-config`.

> 1. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

Reviewer: I wasn't able to make this work as per instructions. 
The steps I followed to be able to load the config where:

1. Created a directory outside the interoperability project
2. Copied the content of /interoperability/cht-config to the directory created in 1.
3. Executed cht initialise-project-layout
4. Executed cht --url=[https://user:pass@****.my.local-ip.co](https://medic:****@%2A%2A%2A%2A.my.local-ip.co/) --accept-self-signed-certs

> 1. Ensure you have [cht-conf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cht-conf) installed and Run `cht --local` to compile and upload that configurationto upload the app settings to your local CHT-core instance.

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding a step for specifying that an instance of CHT should run locally and [the link](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/tutorials/local-setup/) for the local setup instructions.

> 1. Ensure you have [cht-conf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cht-conf) installed and Run `cht --local` to compile and upload that configurationto upload the app settings to your local CHT-core instance.

Reviewer 2: 1. Ensure you have [cht-conf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cht-conf) installed and Run `cht --local` to compile and upload that configurationto upload the app settings to your local CHT-core instance.
```suggestion
1. Ensure you have [cht-conf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cht-conf) installed and run `cht --local` to compile and upload the app settings configuration to your local CHT instance.
```

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding the steps for the reader to try the CHT communication with the mediator.
